Looks matter.  For example, check out these two computers.
￼
 
If you didn’t know anything about OSX vs. Windows, which draws you in more?  Let me remind you of what happened when Steve Jobs returned to Apple.  Quoting from Walter Isaacson’s biography:
“Okay, tell me what’s wrong with this place,” he said. There were some murmurings, but Jobs cut them off. “It’s the products!” he answered. “So what’s wrong with the products?” Again there were a few attempts at an answer, until Jobs broke in to hand down the correct answer. “The products suck!” he shouted. “There’s no sex in them anymore!”
Let’s look at another example.  
￼
The vacuum on the left is a Dyson, and the one on the right is a Shark.  Substantively, the Dyson and Shark have many similar attributes since the Shark is a copy.  While the Shark can do most of what the Dyson can do, and costs less, it lacks a major benefit: I don’t want to vacuum with it.  On the other hand, I would look forward to using the Dyson.  Maybe this comes from more than looks, but they sure help.
Yet another example:
￼
A Cessna cockpit on the left seems ultra complicated next to the interior of an Icon A5.  Here we reach a new level of importance for aesthetics: safety.  Merely the styling of the cockpit simplifies the complicated and dangerous act of flying.  This is in addition to the fact that I would jump at the chance to fly the A5, but not at all the Cessna.
Now, to get more relevant.
￼
The Waterfarm, to the left, which we’ve been testing, is hideous.  Even the beautiful plant growing from it in this picture seems tainted by this soul-sucking bucket in a bucket.  The pellets inside, the blue tube covering the front, the metal handle, they all repulse me.  The Waterfarm brings tears of bitterness to my eyes.  In contrast the Click and Grow is stunning, and inviting, and makes me want to grow plants.
I believe in the biophilia hypothesis “that there is an instinctive bond between human beings and other living systems.”  I want hydroponics systems to cultivate that bond, not trample on it.
I’m probably sounding like a huge hippy now, but I assure you I’m not.  I just think a major benefit of growing plants is that they have a pleasantness about them.  A good hydroponics system preserves that pleasantness.  Thus, the S in CEYS stands for style, and represents all of the points made above.
